README.md, before:

[![](https://codecov.io/gh/nickderobertis/terminhtml/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/nickderobertis/terminhtml)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/terminhtml)](https://pypi.org/project/terminhtml/)
![PyPI - License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/terminhtml)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-pass-green)](https://nickderobertis.github.io/terminhtml/)
[![Github Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/repo-github-informational)](https://github.com/nickderobertis/terminhtml/)


#  terminhtml

## Overview

Run shell commands and convert into an HTML/CSS animated terminal

## Getting Started

Install `terminhtml`. Recommended installation is with 
[pipx](https://github.com/pypa/pipx) but can also be done via `pip`:

```
pipx install terminhtml
```

A simple example:

```shell
terminhtml "echo 'Hello World'"
```

See a
[more in-depth tutorial here.](
https://nickderobertis.github.io/terminhtml/tutorial.html
)

## Development Status

This project is currently in early-stage development. There may be
breaking changes often. While the major version is 0, minor version
upgrades will often have breaking changes.

## Author

Created by Nick DeRobertis. MIT License.

## Links

See the
[documentation here.](
https://nickderobertis.github.io/terminhtml/
)

Commit message:

Add initial docs and README

README.md, after:

[![](https://codecov.io/gh/nickderobertis/terminhtml/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/nickderobertis/terminhtml)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/terminhtml)](https://pypi.org/project/terminhtml/)
![PyPI - License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/terminhtml)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-pass-green)](https://nickderobertis.github.io/terminhtml/)
[![Github Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/repo-github-informational)](https://github.com/nickderobertis/terminhtml/)

#  terminhtml

[![](https://nickderobertis.github.io/terminhtml/_static/images/demo-output.gif)](https://nickderobertis.github.io/terminhtml/)

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: center">
  <span style="font-size: smaller; text-align: center">This GIF doesn't do TerminHTML justice, check out the full version <a href="https://nickderobertis.github.io/terminhtml/">in the docs</a></span>
</div>


## Overview

Run shell commands and convert into an HTML/CSS animated terminal

## Getting Started

Install `terminhtml`. Recommended installation is with 
[pipx](https://github.com/pypa/pipx) but can also be done via `pip`:

```
pipx install terminhtml
```

A simple example:

```shell
terminhtml "echo 'Hello World'"
```

See a
[more in-depth tutorial here.](
https://nickderobertis.github.io/terminhtml/
)

## Development Status

This project is currently in early-stage development. There may be
breaking changes often. While the major version is 0, minor version
upgrades will often have breaking changes.

## Author

Created by Nick DeRobertis. MIT License.

## Links

See the
[documentation here.](
https://nickderobertis.github.io/terminhtml/
)
